Update docs for `displayCheck` configuration. (#653)
focus-trap/tabbable: README.md

The `displayCheck` configuration accepts the following options:

> - `full`: (default) Most reliably resembling browser behavior, this option checks that an element is displayed and all of his ancestors are displayed as well (notice that this doesn't exclude `visibility: hidden` or elements with zero size).

Reviewer: I think it's still worth pointing out that this option causes layout reflow, since that was a big point of contention in the past, which led to these 3 `displayCheck` options (where we only had the "full" in the past).

```suggestion
- `full`: (default) Most reliably resembling browser behavior, this option checks that an element is displayed and all of his ancestors are displayed as well (notice that this doesn't exclude `visibility: hidden` or elements with zero size). This option will cause layout reflow, however. If that is a concern, consider the `none` option.
```

Author: > I think it's still worth pointing out that this option causes layout reflow, since that was a big point of contention in the past

Absolutely!

> - `non-zero-area`: This option checks display under the assumption that elements that are not displayed have zero area (width AND height equals zero). While not keeping true to browser behavior, this option may enhance accessibility, as zero-size elements with focusable content are considered a strong accessibility anti-pattern; it also used to be less intensive than the `full` option, but as a result of optimizations this is not the case anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `non-zero-area`: This option checks display under the assumption that elements that are not displayed have zero area (width AND height equals zero). While not keeping true to browser behavior, this option may enhance accessibility, as zero-size elements with focusable content are considered a strong accessibility anti-pattern. Like the `full` option, this option also causes layout reflow, and should have basically the same performance. Consider the `none` option if reflow is a concern.
```
